JUnit tests should go in this directory.

Make sure you package these classes properly so that you earn the Code Organization Badge!

 # CSV Parser Project
 Team Members: Habram Alcantar (halcanta)
 Total Time Estimate: ~15 hours
 Repo link:https://github.com/cs0320-s24/csv-habramalcantar.git

 # Design
    First, we can tackle the relationship between the separate classes. Within the Main class, we communicate
 with the user through the terminal with the use of a Scanner. Utilizing the Scanner, we get the information
 necessary to instantiate the CSVParser class within the Main class (the name of the file, user specified search
 methods, information regarding the existence of headers within the file, a column index to search by, etc). The
 main method within the Main class ultimately returns nothing, but serves to acquire information from the user and
 to catch failures/exceptions.

    Once the CVSParser class is instantiated, we call the parse method within CSVParser. The parse method utilizes
 an Object that extends the Reader class in order to parse through the desired file. However, the parse method will
 pass each parsed row into the search algorithm, thus it must instantiate the CSVSearch class.

    From here, the instantiated CSVSearch's search method iterates through the current row, and depending on user
 input, attempts to match either a certain index of the row with a desired word or simply in general. If the
 desired word is found, the search method prints the row to the terminal. Furthermore, as long as the row is
 functional (in the sense that it contains the correct number of items and does not contain any empty columns),
 the search method will pass the row to the given CreatorFromRow's create method to create a new object that
 contains information from the row. This items of a generic type are added to a list to be stored within the CSVSearch
 class. This list of items can be accessed via a getterMethod, and is returned by the CSVParser.

    One design choice in particular I would like to discuss is my decision to pass each individual row to the CSVSearch
 method instead of parsing the entire file, and storing the rows as a List<List<String>>. I found the idea of
 iterating through the file twice as unnecessary, and thought it could cut down on runtime if I simply went ahead and
 tackled the search aspect once I had already gotten the parsed row. I understand that this makes the storing of the
 created items a bit difficult, but I think that, due to the interconnectedness of the parser and the search method,
 having them be a bit reliant on each other is justifiable.

 # Errors
    All the errors I have acquired thus far have resulted in an additional "catch case," returning a message that
 details what caused the error and either terminating the program or rebooting the program.

    In the case of a malformed row, the program prints out the row and states that the row could not create an object
 due to a missing field.

    In the case of a FileNotFound exception, the program states that the file was not found, and reboots the program.
 However, this is only the case if the exception is thrown within the Main class.


 # Tests
    Throughout my testing classes, I focused on a few edge cases in particular. All of these were mentioned in
 the handout by some form or another:
 - CSV data with and without column headers
 - CSV data in different Reader types (e.g., StringReader and FileReader);
 - CSV data with inconsistent column count;
 - Searching for values that are, and aren’t, present in the CSV;
 - Searching for values that are present, but are in the wrong column;
 - Searching for values by index, by column name, and without a column identifier; and
 - Using multiple CreatorFromRow classes to extract CSV data in different formats.

 # How to...
 ## Run the test provided:
    In order to run the test provided within this project, simply type 'mvn package' within the terminal. They should
 compile.

 ## Build and run the program:
    Firstly, ensure the file you would like to parse or search exists solely within the data folder and not within another
 folder that exists within the data folder. From there, you can type "./run" from within the terminal and a
 user-interface prompt will begin to display within the terminal. Follow the prompts, returning your option exactly as
 is shown.





